Here's the information from the document "12_CS-01.doc", hardcoded into text format:

VERZTEC CONSULTING PTE LTD QUALITY PROCEDURE

Document No.: QP-CS-01
Revision: A
Title: Customer Satisfaction
1. Purpose

To define a system for monitoring customer satisfaction/dissatisfaction for continual improvement and enhancement of customer satisfaction.
2. Scope

This procedure applies to the Sales PIC (Person-in-Charge), which includes the CEO, COO, Manager, and Consultant.
3. Responsibility

The Sales PIC is responsible for monitoring customer satisfaction/dissatisfaction for continual improvement.
4. Procedure

4.1 Planning:

4.1.1 The Management Team reviews previous and current data related to customer satisfaction levels and initiates improvement action plans.
4.1.2 Customer satisfaction/dissatisfaction data and feedback are gathered through the Customer Satisfaction Survey Form and direct feedback from customers.
4.2 Implementation:

4.2.1 The Sales PIC gathers and compiles customer feedback on a quarterly basis.
4.2.2 The Management Team conducts a Customer Feedback Review Meeting at least once a year.
4.2.3 During the Management Review Meeting, the Management Team consolidates all positive and negative feedback into the Customer Satisfaction Monitoring Plan.
4.2.4 The discussion also assigns respective Heads to improvement actions for specific areas/departments with agreed timeframes.
4.3 Monitoring (Checking) / Effective Actions:

4.3.1 The Sales PIC monitors and ensures the close-out or achievement of the Customer Satisfaction Monitoring Plan and the Improvement Action Plans (self-check).
4.3.2 The internal auditor audits this procedure to ensure full conformity.
4.4 Data Analysis / Corrective Action:

-The data collected on customer satisfaction level is analyzed to determine the root cause(s) of any dissatisfaction or problem.
-Effective corrective actions are taken on feedback to prevent repetitive complaints.
-The Management Team strives to achieve enhanced customer satisfaction through a proposed Improvement Plan to be approved by top management in the Management Review meeting.
5. Reference Quality Records / Forms
-Customer Satisfaction Survey
-Customer Satisfaction Monitoring Plan