TITLE: INFRASTRUCTURE (MAINTENANCE)

1. Purpose: To define a system for the maintenance of all infrastructures to upkeep them to the required degree of efficiency and capability.
2. Scope: This procedure applies to the machinery, equipment, and related facilities used in the office. It also applies to the building, utilities, software, and supporting services (e.g., transport, communication, or information systems).

3. Responsibility:
3.1 The Operations PIC is responsible for the maintenance of machinery, equipment, and facilities to upkeep them to the required degree of efficiency and capability.
3.2 The respective Functional Head or their designated PIC is responsible for maintenance of the building, work area, utility, software, and services (e.g., transport, communication, or information systems, etc.).
4. Procedure:
4.1 Planning:
4.1.1 The respective Functional Head shall ensure the relevant infrastructures maintenance is carried out as per Table 1 - Maintenance Control Plan.
4.1.2 The Operations PIC shall plan and maintain an Equipment Maintenance Programme (see Form No. MTN-QR-01).
4.2 Execution:
4.2.1 Maintenance System:
.1 Preventive Maintenance:
A maintenance contract shall be signed with an external maintenance contractor/servicing agent.
Periodic maintenance shall be carried out by the contractor/servicing agent based on their own schedule.
A copy of the Servicing/Maintenance Report generated by the maintenance contractor/servicing agent shall be kept in file.
.2 Routine Maintenance:
Where possible, on alternate days, each PIC shall check their own item and ensure that the oil, lubricant, or toners are topped up properly.
All moving parts and unusual noise shall also be checked.
.3 Breakdown Maintenance:
When an item breaks down or fails to perform, the PIC shall try to repair.
If not successful, they shall contact the servicing agent to request for servicing.
The servicing agent will investigate the breakdown and give an estimated quote.
If acceptable by the management, they shall proceed with repair.
On completion of repair, verification shall be carried out by the PIC.
If acceptable, the servicing agent will handover the item together with a Repair/Servicing Report describing the repair work done, parts changed (if any), and sign-off.
A copy of the Repair/Servicing Report shall be filed by the PIC.
.4 Building, Workspace, Utility, Software, Supporting Services (i.e., transport, communication or information systems) etc.:
Where applicable, the relevant Functional Head shall arrange periodic inspection of infrastructures such as buildings, workspace, utility, software, and supporting services (e.g., transport, communication, or information systems, etc.) by suitable personnel, such as professional engineers or external specialists, and maintain servicing records.
.5 General:
All maintenance done shall be in accordance with the Equipment Maintenance Programme.
Maintenance/repair shall be carried out by subcontractors, except for minor maintenance/repairs.
4.3 Monitoring (Check):
4.3.1 The Operations PIC shall perform self-check to ensure that the details in this procedure are executed properly, and undertake effective actions to assure full compliance at all times.
4.3.2 The internal auditor shall audit this procedure to ensure full conformity of personnel involved in this procedure.
4.3.3 The Operations PIC shall, after close-out of nonconformities from internal/external audits, propose improvement(s) in the Management Review meeting for top management's approval.
5. Reference Quality Records/Forms:
Equipment Maintenance Programme 