Here's a hardcoded text format of the information from the provided documents:

Non Conformity and Corrective Actions
Purpose: To define and implement a Corrective Action system to ensure that the causes of nonconformities or potential nonconformities are promptly analyzed, and effective actions are taken to prevent recurrence and/or occurrence. 
Scope: This procedure applies to the Management Representative and all Functional Heads. 
Responsibility:
Management Representative / Functional Heads: Responsible for nonconformities, ensuring root-causes of nonconforming products are promptly identified, analyzed, and effective corrective actions are taken to prevent recurrence. 
Functional Heads: Responsible for determining, initiating, implementing, and reviewing Preventive Action via Risk Prevention Plan (Business Risk Assessment) to prevent occurrence. 
CEO: Responsible for identifying, planning, and implementing continual improvement processes in: 
Performance in processes/activities and product/risk. 
Performance of the organization system and management. 
Performance in objectives and customer/interested-party satisfaction. 
Procedure (Planning / Data Analysis):
Based on data analysis, the Management Representative and Functional Heads shall plan and implement corrective actions as needed. 
Corrective Action: Functional Heads shall immediately close out all nonconformities related to product, process/external provider, system, objectives, and customer/interested-party satisfaction by evaluating and eliminating root-causes to prevent recurrence. 
Preventive Action: Functional Heads shall plan to ensure the performance of process and product through Risk Prevention (Business Risk Assessment) to eliminate the causes of potential nonconformities and prevent occurrence. 
Functional Heads and Management Representative(s) are encouraged to practice the 8 Quality Management Principles to improve management actions for better performance and people/information-management. 
Where necessary, risk assessment may be conducted by the Functional Heads before implementing intended corrective/preventive actions. 
Procedure (Execution - Corrective Action):
Customer Feedback / Corrective Action:
The Sales PIC (CEO, COO, Manager, and Consultant) is responsible for taking appropriate action upon receipt of complaints or feedback from customers.  These shall be recorded in the Customer Complaint Report (Form No. CAR-QR-01). 

If the root cause of the complaint originates from supplier-supplied product/material, paragraph 4.2.1.2 of this procedure shall apply. 
The responsible Functional Head shall take necessary actions promptly and ensure corrective actions are effective to prevent problem recurrence. 
The Sales PIC shall follow-up on the corrective action commitment, verify its effective implementation, and countersign the Customer Complaint Report. 
The Sales PIC shall feedback to the customer the corrective action taken. 
The Sales PIC shall close the case in the Customer Complaint File upon customer confirmation, and review the corrective action taken to prevent recurrence. 
External Provider Corrective Action:
Upon receiving a report of a material/works quality problem, the Functional Head shall notify the Purchaser (CEO, COO, Manager, and Consultant). 
The Purchaser shall notify the supplier and initiate a Corrective Action Request/Preventive Action Request (CAR) (Form No. CAR-QR-02).  Data/root-cause analysis shall be carried out by the responsible supplier. 

The Purchaser shall ensure that the external provider responds with a detailed corrective action plan with a stipulated timeframe. 
The Purchaser shall review the external provider's response, and either close the case if acceptable or follow-up if unacceptable. 
The supplier shall review the corrective action taken and prevent recurrence. 
Internal Audit
Purpose: To define a system for conducting Internal Audit to evaluate the effectiveness of the implementation of the Quality System. 
Scope: This procedure applies to all functions. 
Definitions:
Audit Team Member: A person who has the qualification and is authorized to perform a Quality System audit. 
Audit Team Leader: A person who has the qualification and is authorized to manage a team of Auditors. 
Auditee: The person/function being audited. 
Responsibility:
Management Representative: Completes the yearly Internal Audit Programme (Form No. IA-QR-01), oversees internal audit activities, and ensures the close-out of all outstanding corrective actions.  Reports to top management on the effectiveness of the Quality Management System and areas of improvement. 

Designated Functional Head: Will act as the Audit Team Leader. 
Audit Team Leader: Shall complete an Audit Plan to plan, execute, and follow-up on the entire Auditing cycle. 
Auditor: Has to carry out the instruction given by the Audit Team Leader. 
Auditees Functional Head: Shall verify and correct nonconformities discovered by the Audit Team and ensure the effectiveness of the corrective actions. 
Procedure (Planning the Internal Audit Programme):
The Management Representative / Audit Team Leader shall review and assess previous and current: (i) corrective actions, (ii) improvement actions arising from Management Review meetings, (iii) information related to customer feedback/complaints/quality objectives/process & product control, and (iv) previous audit results. 
These review points shall be incorporated into the Audit Programme for preventive audit, particularly for new, weak, and high-risk areas. 
The Audit Team Leader shall prepare the Audit Programme for either functional compliance to ISO 9001:2015 or performance improvement.  The Quality System of the Company shall be audited twice a year.  The relevant elements/quality procedures to be audited under each cycle/interval shall be specified in the Internal Audit Programme. 


The Audit Programme shall be planned to avoid peak periods that may clash with other interests. 
The Audit Programme shall be planned according to functional activities or ISO 9001:2015 element basis.  The Management Representative shall review and approve the audit programme. 

The Audit Team Leader shall prepare the Audit Plan (Form No. IA-QR-02). 
Auditees shall be informed of the audit by Audit Plan two weeks in advance to eliminate the element of surprise. 
Procedure (Execution):
Formation of Audit Team:
The Audit Team Leader shall form a team of Auditors. 
The Audit Team Leader must have good working knowledge of ISO 9001:2015 and sound auditing skills and techniques. 
An Audit Team Member shall be selected based on: technical background; independence (not directly responsible for the operation to be audited); knowledge of auditing skills and techniques. 
Preparation of Checklist: The Audit Team Leader, together with the team of Auditors, shall prepare the Audit Checklist (Form No. IA-QR-03) before the audit. 
Conducting the Audit:
Pre-Audit Meeting: The Audit Team Leader shall have a formal meeting with the Auditee's representative prior to commencement of the audit, stating the scope of audit as tabulated in the Audit Plan and explaining how the audit will operate.  The Audit Plan shall be acknowledged by the Auditee. The responsibilities and requirements for planning and conducting audits, and for reporting results and maintaining records shall be defined in a documented procedure. 

Actual Audit:
The Audit Team Member shall use the Audit Checklist to carry out fact-finding and interview the auditee on their system. 
Audit Team Members shall be objective in questioning the Auditees. 
The Audit Team Member shall ask the Auditee to briefly run through the procedure; stopping for clarification if necessary. 
The Audit Team Member shall ask for the work evidence (such as plans, reports, records, minutes, instructions, etc.). 
Infrastructure (Maintenance)
Purpose: To define a system for the maintenance of all infrastructures to upkeep them to the required degree of efficiency and capability. 
Scope: This procedure applies to the machinery, equipment, and related facilities used in the office. It also applies to the building, utilities, software, and supporting services (e.g., transport, communication, or information systems). 
Responsibility:
Operations PIC: Responsible for the maintenance of machinery, equipment, and facilities to upkeep them to the required degree of efficiency and capability.  Shall plan and maintain an Equipment Maintenance Programme (Form No. MTN-QR-01).  Shall perform self-check to ensure proper execution of this procedure and full compliance. 


Respective Functional Head or Designated PIC: Responsible for the maintenance of building, work area, utility, software, and services (e.g., transport, communication, or information systems, etc.).  Shall ensure the relevant infrastructures maintenance is carried out as per Table 1 - Maintenance Control Plan. 

Procedure (Planning):
The respective Functional Head shall ensure the relevant infrastructures maintenance is carried out as per Table 1 - Maintenance Control Plan. 
The Operations PIC shall plan and maintain an Equipment Maintenance Programme (Form No. MTN-QR-01). 
Procedure (Execution - Maintenance System):
Preventive Maintenance:
A maintenance contract shall be signed with an external maintenance contractor/servicing agent. 
Periodic maintenance shall be carried out by the contractor/servicing agent based on their own schedule. 
A copy of the Servicing/Maintenance Report generated by the maintenance contractor/servicing agent shall be kept in file. 
Routine Maintenance:
Where possible, on alternate days, each PIC shall check his own item and ensure that oil, lubricant, or toners are topped up properly. 
All moving parts and unusual noise shall also be checked. 
Breakdown Maintenance:
When an item breaks down or fails to perform, the PIC shall try to repair it. 
If not successful, he shall contact the servicing agent to request for servicing. 
The servicing agent will investigate the breakdown and give an estimated quote. 
If acceptable by the management, he shall proceed with repair. 
General: All maintenance done shall be in accordance with the Equipment Maintenance Programme.  Maintenance/repair shall be carried out by subcontractors, except for minor maintenance/repairs. 

Table 1 - Maintenance Control Plan (Examples):
Building / Facilities / Utilities:
Main Building (Structural / Architectural): Routine Maintenance (Quarterly by Operations Department). 
Mechanical - e.g., air-condition system: Routine Maintenance (Quarterly by Operations Department). 
Electricity Supply - e.g., lighting: Routine Maintenance (Quarterly by Operations Department). 
Workspace & Hardware:
Workspace: Routine Maintenance (Weekly by Operations Department). 
Computer: Routine Maintenance (Quarterly by Operations Department). 
Printer: Routine Maintenance (Quarterly by Operations Department). 
Software:
Computer: Routine Maintenance (Quarterly by Operations Department). 
Support Services - Office Equipment:
Photocopier: Routine Maintenance (Quarterly by Operations Department). 
Fax Machine: Routine Maintenance (Quarterly by Operations Department). 
Telephone System: Routine Maintenance (Quarterly by Operations Department). 
Support Services - Information System:
Computer System, Server: Routine Maintenance (Quarterly by Operations Department). 
Monitoring (Check):
The Operations PIC shall perform a self-check to ensure that the details in this procedure are executed properly, and undertake effective actions to assure full compliance at all times. 
The internal auditor shall audit this procedure to ensure full conformity of personnel involved in this procedure. 
The Operations PIC shall, after close-out of nonconformities from internal/external audits, propose improvement(s) in the Management Review meeting for top management's approval. 
Purchasing & External Provider Control
Purpose: To define a Purchase Control system to ensure that materials/products/works/services supplied conform to customer's specification and/or in-house quality requirements, including external provider control. 
Scope: This procedure applies to all purchases, including direct/indirect materials, capital purchases, and outsourcing works/services, etc. 
Responsibility:
Purchaser (CEO, COO, Manager, and Consultants): Has the main responsibility for ensuring a systematic approach in the control of purchases and that materials/products/works/services supplied conform to customer specifications and/or in-house quality requirements, including outsourced works/services provided by external providers. 
Purchaser / Operations PIC: Shall be responsible for external provider assessment. 
CEO / Operations PIC: Approves new external providers. 


Operations PIC: Shall perform incoming inspection/verification of purchased materials according to contract specifications or requirements.  Shall ensure that purchased/outsourced works are executed and controlled according to contract specifications or requirements.  Shall issue Corrective Action Request to suppliers for major product quality problems. 


Procedure (Planning):
The Purchaser shall review previous and current Web Resource Pool (Form No. PSC-QR-04), Approved External Provider List (AEPL) (Form No. PSC-QR-01), and external provider assessment results to initiate actions on improved external provider control. 
External Providers Sourcing, Evaluation and Selection:
New external providers shall be assessed and selected based on Table 1 - External Provider Control Plan. 
The Purchaser shall request new external provider information, review the data, and submit to Management for approval. 
The external provider should have a minimum of 2 years experience in supplying materials/products/works/services of a similar nature. 
The external provider should preferably have a Quality System (or certified to ISO 9001) in place, and the necessary product/service certifications. 
Upon approval, the Purchaser shall update the new supplier into the Web Resource Pool and/or Approved External Provider List (AEPL). 
Procedure (Execution - Purchasing Process):
The Purchaser shall obtain quotations from external providers, either from the AEPL or new sources. 
The Purchaser shall compare quotations received and shortlist the most qualified or suitable external provider. 
External providers shall be selected based on criteria such as: ability to meet specifications/quality requirements, delivery lead time, service, ISO 9001 certification needs, and any qualified credentials/portfolio of clients/past experiences. 
If the selected external provider is not from the Web Resource Pool or AEPL, the Purchaser shall proceed to pre-qualify the new external provider (refer to para. 4.1.2). 
Upon successful completion of pre-qualification, the new external provider shall be listed into the Web Resource Pool/AEPL. 
The Purchaser shall raise a Purchase Order (P.O.) (Form No. PSC-QR-02 for sample) to the selected external provider in Category D and follow-up on delivery. For other Categories, refer to the Purchasing method in Table 1 - External Provider Control Plan. 
Purchase Order or Document Preparation, Review and Approval:
When preparing a P.O., the Purchaser shall ensure all columns are completed and applicable data is included, such as: Description of Services provided, Type of Services, Quantity, Unit of Measurement, Per unit rate and total amount, Currency and Grand Total, Deadline, Deliverables, Terms of Payment, Instructions & quality terms to suppliers, Vendor name and email, Date issued, Requestor, and requestor's email. 
The P.O. shall be reviewed and approved by authorized personnel, ensuring all applicable data and positive description of the material/product/work/service to be purchased are included, particularly quality terms. 
Verification at External Provider Premises: If contractually required, the Purchaser shall ensure verification activity details (Inspection or Testing Plan/Method/PO/DO) are specified in purchase documents.  Such verification does not preclude subsequent rejection when materials/products/works/services are delivered/rendered. 

Verification by Customer: If specified in the Sales Contract, the customer will be afforded the right to verify any purchased materials/products/works/services at the Company's or supplier's premises.  The supplier shall be committed in the P.O.  Such verification activities by the customer shall not preclude them from subsequent rejection of services rendered to them.  The end user shall conduct independent monitoring of suppliers' materials/products/works/services to measure the effective control of quality of such supplies. 


Amendments to Purchasing Documents: The Purchaser is authorized to make amendments to purchasing documents.  Amendments shall be made on the original P.O. and endorsed by the approving authority, ensuring the amended data clearly describes the materials/products/works/services purchased. 

Monitoring (Checking):
Control of Purchased Materials / Works:
The Operations PIC shall perform incoming inspection/verification of purchased materials according to contract specifications or requirements in the Inspection/test plan/DO/PO, or the external provider Control Plan. 
The Operations PIC shall ensure that purchased/outsourced works are executed and controlled according to contract specifications or requirements specified in the Operations Control Plan, or the external provider Control Plan. 
The Operations PIC shall issue Corrective Action Request to suppliers for major product quality problems that have impacts on fitness for use. 
Supplier Control: Performance review and incoming inspection/test plan/PO/DO shall be carried out according to paragraph 4.1.2 in this procedure and QP-MMP-01 to further ensure conformance to customer's specification and/or in-house requirements.