Tittle: Management Review / Continual Improvement
Purpose: To define a procedure for management review of the quality system to ensure its continuing suitability, adequacy, and effectiveness. It also defines and implements a continual improvement process to improve the organization's performance and the Quality Management System (QMS) effectiveness.

Scope: This procedure applies to all functions.
Responsibility:
The Management Review Meeting, led by the CEO, is responsible for the management review of the quality system to ensure its continuing suitability, adequacy, effectiveness, and continual improvement.
The Meeting shall be chaired by the CEO and supported by the Management Representative(s) of the Company.
The Meeting is represented by all Functional Heads.
Each representative should be prepared with data (facts and figures) to actively participate and provide positive contributions and improvements in the Management Review Meeting.
Procedure:
Planning:
The CEO shall schedule Management Review to commence upon completion of the Internal Audit cycle, before external audits.
The Management Review agenda shall be prepared and circulated at least one week beforehand for finalization of Review items and inputs.
Execution:
Frequency of Management Review Meeting: The Management Review Meeting shall be held once every six months to perform a management review.
Objectives of Meeting: To review and ensure the continuing suitability, adequacy, and effectiveness of the Quality Management System (QMS); to assess improvement opportunities and the need for QMS changes.
Meeting Inputs: Inputs to Management Review by the respective Managers or their delegates, presented in monthly statistics or consolidated data, shall include current performance and improvement recommendations related to the following: 
Results of audits (e.g., internal / customer / 3rd party).
Customer satisfaction & feedback / complaints / compliments from relevant interested parties.
Process / external provider performance and product / service conformance.
Status of nonconformities & corrective actions.
Follow-up actions from previous management reviews.
Opportunities for improvement.
Changes in external and internal issues that are relevant to the Quality Management System.
Adequacy of resources.
The effectiveness of actions taken to address risks and opportunities.
QMS performance and effectiveness of QMS.
Monitoring and measurement results.
The extent to which quality objectives have been met.
Action Highlights:
The Meeting shall act to review minutes of the last meeting and ensure clearance of "outstanding actions" from the last meeting.
The Meeting shall analyze all data generated from monitoring & measurement and other relevant sources to provide information relating to: (1) customer satisfaction, (2) product conformity, (3) characteristics and trends of processes and products including opportunities for preventive action, (4) suppliers, and (5) quality objective achievement. The Meeting shall base on this information to conclude if the QMS is effective and its continual improvement can be made.

The monthly statistics shall be reviewed against set Quality Objectives. A favourable trend in these statistics should be visible, or data-based corrective actions shall be seen effected immediately and effectively.

The Meeting shall also act to review the status of the previous Improvement Plan and its implementation and any further necessary action.
Monitoring (Checking) / Improvement Actions:
Review Outputs: The outputs from management review shall include actions related to: 
Judgment of the QMS adequacy, suitability, and effectiveness that requires any need for changes to the QMS.
Improvement of the QMS effectiveness and its processes (opportunities for improvement).
Improvement of product related to customer requirements.
Resource / time frame needs.
Business benefits.
Changes to its Policy, Objectives, and other elements of the Management System - consistent with the commitment to continual improvement.
The agreed improvement items shall be recorded in the Continual Improvement Plan (see Form No. MR-QR-01 for sample) for onward management monitoring.
Documentation:
Minutes of the Management Review Meeting shall be recorded and maintained (as "Quality Record") by the Top Management or his delegate.
The Top Management shall consider and initiate document revisions and the Management Representative shall ensure dissemination of the relevant documents to all.
Any change in the documented QMS to preserve proven methods shall be handled in accordance with the Document Control procedure.
Reference Quality Records / Forms:
Continual Improvement Plan [sample].

Sources
