Title: Management of Change
Purpose: The purpose of this procedure is to manage the changes in Verztec Consulting Pte Ltd and to ensure that they continue to meet specified requirements.
Scope: This procedure applies to all changes defined in this procedure that happen at Verztec Consulting Pte Ltd.
Responsibility:
Individual function heads will receive the change request via email or change notice and log in the request date.
The Respective Department Supervisor and Individual function heads will review the changes and notify affected party for discussion.
They will also identify actions required and work out implementation plan based on effective date via Change request form (refer to attachment I).
They will seek approval from MR and implement changes.
Respective Department Supervisor / RA / Business RA Team will ensure affected parties conduct respective assessment and submit for approval.
Individual function heads will verify actual implementation and ensure documentation are updated.
Procedure:
4.1 Execution:
4.1.1 Submission of Change Notice: The following would require a submission of change notice: 
A new product (e.g., a specific material, or chemical not previously supplied to the specific customer).
New equipment or process to be installed and used.
Changes to process location that may have adverse effect due to environmental conditions such as humidity, lighting, temperature etc..
Correction of a discrepancy on a previous product or service. Discrepancy can be related to product/service performance against customer requirement, dimensional or capability issues, subcontractor/vendor (external provider) issues.

For only editorial changes to documents, and if the changes do not affect the methods of work or the specification then does not require CN (Change Notice).
Changes to organizational knowledge / competence of staff.
Changes to Client requirements or applicable legal requirements.
Changes to ISO standards / specification applicable to Organization that requires document changes.
4.1.2 Change Request Form (CRF):
A Change request form together with the Risk Assessment report is required to be submitted to the Individual function heads for review and approval. Business Risk Assessment will also be reviewed and revised accordingly.


All control measures must be in place before the change is implemented to ensure the risk is under control.
The Individual function heads / RA team may request additional control measures or operational control procedures to be developed to further reduce risk / impact.
The Individual function heads / RA team shall ensure that changes that have legal implication are being addressed and complied with before approval is given.
Update affected procedures, work instructions and specifications.
A briefing needs to be conducted for the affected staff to inform them of the changes and the necessary control measures that need to be put in place. The briefing can be done during tool box meeting or other communication platform.

4.1.3 Management System Change:
Such changes shall be submitted to the Individual function heads for review, evaluation and approval prior to implementation of the change, including changes to be made to existing management system documentation.
5. Reference Quality Records / Forms:
Change Request Form.
CHANGE REQUEST FORM Details:
This section to be completed by Requestor:
Department / Section 
Date 
Requestor Name 
Affected Project/Process 
Category of Change: (Equipment (Processes (Materials (Location (Contractors (Others 
Current Situation 
Description of Changes (Provide a brief description of the changes) 
Changes would affect: (Department, Documents, Staff Training, Others) 
Attached completed Risk Assessment with proposed change (include review of business RA also) 
Approved by: Departmental Head / Manager / Supervisor / MR (Signature) 
Name: Departmental Head / Manager / Supervisor 
Date of Approval: