ISO 9001:2008 AUDIT CHECKLIST

4 Quality Management System

4.1 General Requirements

Has the organization established, documented, implemented and maintained a quality management system in accordance with requirements of ISO 9001? Yes 
Is the effectiveness of the quality management system continually improved? Yes 
Has the organization:
Determined the processes needed for the quality management system including their applications throughout the organization? Yes 
Determined the sequence and interaction of these processes? Yes 
Determined the criteria and methods needed to ensure that both the operation and control of these processes are effective? Yes 
Ensured the availability of resources and information necessary to support the operation and monitoring of these processes? Yes 
Monitored, measured where applicable, and analyzed these processes? Yes 
Implemented actions needed to achieve planned results and continual improvement of these processes? Yes 
Does the organization manage these processes in accordance with the requirements of ISO 9001? Yes 
Where processes that affect product conformity to requirements are outsourced, are the type and extent of control to be applied to these outsourced processes defined within the quality management system? Yes 
4.2 Documentation Requirements

4.2.1 General

Does the quality management system documentation include:
a) Documented statement of a quality policy and quality objectives? Yes 
b) Quality Manual? Yes 
c) Documented procedures and records required by ISO 9001? Yes 
d) Documents, including records, determined by the organization to be necessary to ensure the effective planning, operation and control of its processes? Yes 
4.2.2 Quality Manual

Has a quality manual been established and maintained that includes:
a) The scope of the quality management system, including details of, and justification for any exclusions? Yes 
b) Documented procedures established for the quality management system, or reference to them? Yes 
c) Description of the interaction between the processes of the quality management system? Yes 
4.2.3 Control of Documents

Are documents required for the quality management system controlled? Yes 
Has a documented procedure been established identifying the following controls needed?
a) Approval of documents for adequacy prior to issue? Yes 
b) Review, update as necessary and re-approval of documents? Yes 
c) Ensure that changes and the current revision status of documents are identified? Yes 
d) Ensure that relevant versions of applicable documents are available at point of use? Yes 
e) Ensure that documents remain legible and readily identifiable? Yes 
f) Ensure that documents of external origin determined by the organization to be necessary for the planning and operation of the quality management system are identified and their distribution controlled? Yes 
g) Preventing the unintended use of obsolete documents, and to apply suitable identification to them if they are retained? Yes 
4.2.4 Control of Records

Have records been established and controlled to provide evidence of conformity to requirements and of the effective operation of the quality management system? Yes 
Has a documented procedure been established to define the following controls needed:
a) Identification? Yes 
b) Storage? Yes 
c) Protection? Yes 
d) Retrieval? Yes 
e) Retention? Yes 
f) Disposition? Yes 
Are records legible, readily identifiable and retrievable? Yes 
5 Management Responsibility

5.1 Management Commitment

Has top management provided evidence of its commitment to the development and implementation of the quality management system and for the continual improvement of its effectiveness by:
a) Communicating to the organization the importance of meeting customer as well as regulatory and legal requirements? Yes 
b) Establishing the quality policy? Yes 
c) Ensuring that quality objectives are established? Yes 
d) Conducting management reviews? Yes 
e) Ensuring the availability of resources? Yes 
5.2 Customer Focus

Has top management ensured that customer requirements are determined and met with the aim of enhancing customer satisfaction? Yes 
5.3 Quality Policy

Has top management ensured that the quality policy:
a) Is appropriate to the purpose of the organization? Yes 
b) Includes a commitment to comply with requirements and to continually improve the effectiveness of the quality management system? Yes 
c) Provides a framework for establishing and reviewing quality objectives? Yes 
d) Is communicated and understood within the organization? Yes 
e) Is reviewed for continuing suitability? Yes 
5.4 Planning

5.4.1 Quality Objectives

Has top management ensured that quality objectives are established at relevant functions and levels within the organization? Yes 
Have quality objectives needed to meet the requirements of the product been established? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are quality objectives measurable and consistent with the quality policy? Yes 
5.4.2 Quality Management System Planning

Has top management ensured that the resources needed to achieve the quality objectives are identified and planned? Yes 
Is the output of the planning documented? (e.g., quality manual, procedures, work instructions, quality plans, etc.) Yes 
Does top management ensure that the integrity of the quality management system is maintained when changes are planned and implemented? Yes 
5.5 Responsibility, Authority and Communication

5.5.1 Responsibility and Authority

Has top management ensured that responsibilities, authorities are defined and communicated within the organization? [No observed sample indicated] 
5.5.2 Management Representative

Has top management appointed member(s) of the organization's management who have responsibility and authority for:
a) Ensuring that processes are established, implemented and maintained? Yes 
b) Reporting to top management on the performance of the quality management system, including needs for improvement? Yes 
c) Promoting awareness of customer requirements throughout the organization? Yes 
5.5.3 Internal Communication

Has top management ensured that appropriate communication processes have been established within the organization? Yes 
Does communication take place regarding the effectiveness of the quality management system? Yes 
5.6 Management Review

5.6.1 General

Does top management review the quality management system, at planned intervals, to ensure its continuing suitability, adequacy and effectiveness? Yes 
Are opportunities for improvement and the need for changes to the quality management system, including quality policy and objectives, reviewed during the review? Yes 
Are records of management reviews maintained as quality records? [No observed sample indicated] 
5.6.2 Review Input

Do the inputs to management review include information on:
a) Results of audit? Yes 
b) Customer feedback? Yes 
c) Process performance and product conformity? Yes 
Status of preventive and corrective actions? Yes 
Follow-up actions from previous management review? Yes 
Planned changes that could affect the quality management system? Yes 
Recommendations for improvement? Yes 
5.6.3 Review Output

Do the outputs from the management review include the decisions and actions related to:
a) Improvement of the effectiveness of the quality management system and its processes? Yes 
b) Improvement of the product related to customer requirements? Yes 
c) Resources needed? Yes 
6 Resource Management

6.1 Provision of Resources

Have the resources been determined and provided for:
a) Implementing and maintaining quality management system and continually improving its effectiveness? Yes 
b) Enhancing customer satisfaction by meeting customer requirements? Yes 
6.2 Human Resources

6.2.1 General

Is competency for personnel who perform work affecting conformity to product requirements based on appropriate education, training, skills, and experience? Yes 
6.2.2 Competency, training and awareness

Has the organization:
a) Determined the necessary competency for personnel performing work affecting conformity to product requirements? Yes 
b) Provided training, where applicable, or take other actions to achieve the necessary competence? Yes 
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the actions taken? Yes 
d) Ensured that employees are aware of the relevance and importance of their activities and how they contribute to the achievement of the quality objectives? Yes 
e) Maintained appropriate records of education, training, skills and experience? Yes 
6.3 Infrastructure

To achieve conformity of product, does the organization identify, provide, and maintain the facilities including:
a) Buildings, Workspace and associated utilities? Yes 
b) Process Equipment, hardware and software? Yes 
Supporting services (such as transport, communication, or information systems)? Yes 
6.4 Work Environment

Has the environment needed to achieve conformity to product requirements been determined and managed? [No observed sample indicated] 
7 Product Realization

7.1 Planning of Realization Process

Is planning of the organizations product realization consistent with requirements of the other processes of the quality management system? Yes 
Are the following being determined when planning the product realization:
a) Quality objectives and requirements for the product? Yes 
b) The need to establish processes and documents, and to provide resources specific to the product? Yes 
Required verification, validation, monitoring, measurement, inspection and test activities specific to the product and criteria for product acceptance? Yes 
Records needed to provide evidence that the realization processes and resulting product fulfill requirements? Yes 
Is the planning output in a form that is suitable for the organizations method of operation? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.2 Customer-Related Processes

7.2.1 Determination of Requirements Related to the Product

Has the organization determined:
a) Requirements specified by customer, including the requirements for delivery and post-delivery activities? Yes 
b) Requirements not stated by the customer but necessary specified or intended use, where known? Yes 
Statutory and regulatory requirements applicable to the product? Yes 
Any additional requirements considered necessary by the organization? Yes 
7.2.2 Review of Requirements Related to the Product

Prior to the commitment to the customer, (e.g., submission of tenders, acceptance of contracts or orders or acceptance of change orders) are requirements reviewed to ensure that:
a) Product requirements are defined? Yes 
b) Contract or order requirements differing from those previously expressed are resolved? Yes 
c) The organization has the ability to meet defined requirements? Yes 
Are results of reviews and actions arising from these reviews recorded and maintained as records? [No observed sample indicated] 
Where the customer has not provided a documented statement of requirements, are customer requirements confirmed by the organization before acceptance? Yes 
Where product requirements are changed, does the organization ensure that relevant documentation is amended and relevant personnel are made aware of the changed requirements? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.2.3 Customer Communication

Has the organization determined and implemented effective arrangements for communicating with customers relating to:
a) Product information? Yes 
b) Inquiries, contracts, amendments or order handling? Yes 
c) Customer feedback, including customer complaints? Yes 
7.3 Design and Development

7.3.1 Design and Development Planning

Are product design and development activities planned and controlled? [No observed sample indicated] 
During design and development planning has the organization determined:
a) Stages of design and development? [No observed sample indicated] 
b) Review, verification and validation that are appropriate to each design and development stage? [No observed sample indicated] 
c) Responsibilities and authorities for design and development? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are interfaces between different groups involved in design and development managed to ensure effective communication and clear assignment of responsibilities? [No observed sample indicated] 
Is planning output updated as the design and development progresses? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.3.2 Design and Development Inputs

Are inputs relating to product requirements defined, documented and maintained as records? [No observed sample indicated] 
Does design and development input include:
a) Functional and performance requirements? [No observed sample indicated] 
b) Applicable statutory and regulatory requirements? [No observed sample indicated] 
c) Applicable information derived from previous similar designs? [No observed sample indicated] 
d) Other requirements essential for designs and development? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are design and development inputs reviewed for adequacy? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are incomplete, unambiguous or conflicting requirements resolved? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.3.3 Design and Development Outputs

Are outputs of the design and development in a form suitable for verification against the design and development inputs? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are design outputs approved prior to release? [No observed sample indicated] 
Does the design and development output:
a) Meet the design and development input requirements? [No observed sample indicated] 
b) Provide appropriate information for purchasing, production and service provision? [No observed sample indicated] 
c) Contain or reference product acceptance criteria? [No observed sample indicated] 
d) Specify the product characteristics that are essential to its safe and proper use? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.3.4 Design and Development Review

Are systematic reviews performed in accordance with planned arrangements at suitable stages of the design and development? [No observed sample indicated] 
Do design and development reviews:
a) Evaluate the ability of the results of design and development to meet requirements? [No observed sample indicated] 
b) Identify problems and propose necessary actions? [No observed sample indicated] 
Do review participants include representative of functions concerned with the design and development stage(s) being reviewed? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are results of reviews and any actions necessary maintained as records? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.3.5 Design and Development Verification

Is design and development verification performed in accordance with planned arrangements to ensure that the design outputs have met the design and development input requirements? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are results of the verification and actions maintained as records? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.3.6 Design and Development Validation

Are design and development validation performed in accordance with planned arrangements? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are design and development validation performed to confirm that the product is capable of meeting the requirements for the specified application or intended use, where known? [No observed sample indicated] 
Is validation completed prior to delivery or implementation of the product whenever applicable? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are results of the validation and actions maintained as records? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.3.7 Control of Design and Development Changes

Are design and/or development changes identified and recorded? [No observed sample indicated] 
Do reviews of design and development changes include evaluation of the effect of the changes on constituent parts and product already delivered? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are design and development changes reviewed, verified, validated as appropriate and approved before implementation? [No observed sample indicated] 
Are results of the review of changes and necessary actions maintained as records? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.4 Purchasing

7.4.1 Purchasing Control

Are the purchasing processes controlled to ensure purchased product (or service) conforms to requirements? Yes 
Is the type and extent of control applied to the supplier and purchased product dependent upon the effect of the purchased product on subsequent product realization or the final product? Yes 
Are suppliers selected and evaluated based on their ability to supply product in accordance with the organizations requirements? Yes 
Has the organization established criteria for selection, evaluation & re-evaluation of suppliers? Yes 
Are results of the evaluations and any necessary actions maintained as records? Yes 
7.4.2 Purchasing Information

Does purchasing information describe the product to be purchased:
Including where appropriate:
Requirements for approval of product, procedures, processes and equipment? Yes 
Requirements for qualification of personnel? Yes 
Quality management system requirements? Yes 
Is the adequacy of specified purchased requirements ensured prior to their communication to the supplier? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.4.3 Verification of Purchased Product

Have the inspection or other activities necessary for ensuring that purchased product meets specified purchase requirements been established and implemented? Yes 
Are verification arrangements and method of product release specified in the purchasing information where the organization or its customer intends to perform verification at the suppliers premises? Yes 
7.5 Production and Service Provision

7.5.1 Control of Production and Service Provision

Are the production and service provision planned and carried out under controlled conditions including:
a) Availability of information that describes the product characteristics? Yes 
Availability of work instructions, as necessary? Yes 
Use of suitable equipment? Yes 
Availability and use of monitoring and measuring equipment? Yes 
Implementation of monitoring and measurement? Yes 
Implementation of product release, delivery and post-delivery activities? Yes 
7.5.2 Validation of Processes for Production and Service Provision

Has the organization validated any processes for production and service provision where the resulting output cannot be verified by subsequent monitoring or measurement and as a consequence, deficiencies become apparent only after the product is in use or the service has been delivered. Yes 
Do the results of validation demonstrate the ability of processes to achieve planned results? Yes 
Where applicable, have the arrangements been established for:
a) Defining criteria for review and approval of processes? Yes 
Approval of equipment and qualification of personnel? Yes 
Use of specific methods and procedures? Yes 
Requirements for records? Yes 
Re-validation? Yes 
7.5.3 Identification and Traceability

Is the product identified by suitable means throughout product realization? Yes 
Is the product status identified with respect to monitoring and measurement requirements throughout product realization? Yes 
Where traceability is a requirement, does the organization control the unique identification of the product and maintain records? Yes 
7.5.4 Customer Property

Does the organization exercise care with customer property while it is under the organizations control or being used by the organization? Yes 
Is customer property (including intellectual property and personal data) identified, verified, protected and safeguarded? Yes 
If any customer property is lost, damaged or otherwise found to be unsuitable for use, does the organization report this to the customer and maintain records? Yes 
7.5.5 Preservation of Product

Is product preserved during internal processing and delivery to the intended destination in order to maintain conformity to requirements? Yes 
As applicable, does preservation activities include:
Identification? Yes 
Handling? Yes 
Packaging? Yes 
Storage? Yes 
Protection? Yes 
Are preservation activities applied to constituent parts of a product? [No observed sample indicated] 
7.6 Control of Measuring and Monitoring Equipment

Has the organization determined the monitoring and measurement to be undertaken and the monitoring and measurement equipment needed to provide evidence of conformity of product to determined requirements? Yes 
Have processes been established to ensure that monitoring and measurement can be carried out in manner consistent with the monitoring and measurement requirements? Yes 
Where necessary to ensure valid results, are measuring equipment:
Calibrated or verified, or both, at specified intervals, or prior to use, against measurement standards traceable to international or national measurement standards; where no such standards exist, is the basis used for calibration or verification recorded? [No observed sample indicated] 
Adjusted or re-adjusted as necessary? [No observed sample indicated] 
Identified in order to determine its calibration status? [No observed sample indicated] 
Safeguarded from adjustments that would invalidate the measurement result? [No observed sample indicated] 
Protected from damage and deterioration during handling, maintenance and storage? [No observed sample indicated] 
Has the organization assessed and recorded and validity of the previous measuring results when the equipment is found not to conform to requirements, and taken the appropriate action on the equipment and any product affected? Yes 
Are records of the calibration and verification results maintained? Yes 
Has the organization confirmed the ability of computer software to satisfy the intended application? Yes 
Has the organization include its verification and configuration management to maintain its suitability for use? [No observed sample indicated] 
8 Measurement, Analysis and Improvement

8.1 General

Have the monitoring, measurement, analysis and improvement processes been planned, and implemented to:
a) Demonstrate conformity to product requirements? Yes 
Ensure conformity of the quality management system? Yes 
c) Continually improve the effectiveness of the quality management system? Yes 
Have the applicable methods including statistical techniques and their extent of use been determined? Yes 
8.2 Monitoring and Measurement

8.2.1 Customer Satisfaction

Is information relating to customer perception monitored by the organization as to whether customer requirements have been met? Yes 
Have the methodologies for obtaining and using information related to customer perception been determined? Yes 
8.2.2 Internal Audit

Are internal audits conducted at planned intervals to determine whether the quality management system:
Conforms to planned arrangements, requirements of ISO 9001 and the quality management system? Yes 
Is effectively implemented and maintained? Yes 
Is a documented procedure established to define the responsibilities and requirements for planning and conducting audits, establishing records and reporting results? Yes 
Are the audit programs planned taking into consideration the status and importance of the processes and areas to be audited, as well as the results of previous audits? Yes 
Is the audit criteria, scope, frequency and method defined? [No observed sample indicated] 
Do the selection of auditor and conduct of audits ensure objectivity and impartiality of the audit process? Yes 
Is it ensured that auditors do not audit their own work? Yes 
Are records of the audits and their results maintained? Yes 
Have management responsible for the area being audited ensured that any necessary corrections and corrective actions have been taken without undue delay to eliminate detected nonconformities and their causes? Yes 
Do follow-up activities include the verification of the actions taken, and the reporting of the verification results? Yes 
8.2.3 Monitoring and Measurement of Processes

Are suitable methods applied for monitoring and where applicable, measurement of the quality management system processes necessary to meet customer requirements? Yes 
Do these methods demonstrate the ability of the processes to achieve planned results? Yes 
Are correction and corrective actions taken when planned results are not achieved? Yes 
Has the organization considered the type and extent of monitoring or measurement appropriate to each of its processes in relation to their impact on the conformity to product requirements and on the effectiveness of the quality management system? Yes 
8.2.4 Monitoring and Measurement of Product

Are product characteristics monitored and measured to verify that product requirements are met? Yes 
Is monitoring and measurement of product characteristics carried out at appropriate stages of the product realization process in accordance with the planned arrangements? Yes 
Is evidence of conformity with the acceptance criteria documented and maintained? Yes 
Are records maintained to indicate the person(s) authorizing release of product for delivery to the customer? Yes 
Has the organization ensured the release of product and delivery of service to the customer do not proceed until the planned arrangements have been satisfactorily completed, unless otherwise approved by a relevant authority and, where applicable, by the customer? Yes 
8.3 Control of Nonconforming Product

Is nonconforming product identified and controlled to prevent unintended use or delivery? Yes 
Has a documented procedure been established to define controls and related responsibilities and authorities for dealing with nonconforming product? Yes 
Where practicable, are nonconforming product dealt with by one or more of the following ways:
a) by taking action to eliminate the detected nonconformity? Yes 
b) by authorizing its use, release or acceptance under concession by a relevant authority and, where applicable, by the customer? Yes 
c) by taking action to preclude its original intended use or application? Yes 
d) by taking action appropriate to the effects, or potential effects, of the nonconformity when nonconforming product is detected after delivery or use has started? Yes 
Are records maintained identifying the nature of nonconformities and any subsequent actions taken, including any concessions? Yes 
When nonconforming product is corrected, is it subject to re-verification to demonstrate conformity to the requirements? Yes 
When nonconforming product is detected after delivery, or use has started, is appropriate action taken by the organization to the effect or potential effect? Yes 
8.4 Analysis of Data

Is appropriate data determined, collected and analyzed to demonstrate the suitability and effectiveness of the quality management system and to evaluate where continual improvement of the effectiveness of the quality management system can be made? Yes 
Does this data include data generated from monitoring, measurement and other relevant sources? Yes 
Does the analysis of this data provide information related to:
Customer satisfaction? Yes 
Conformance to product requirements? Yes 
Characteristics and trends of processes and products including, opportunities for preventive actions? Yes 
Suppliers? Yes 
8.5 Improvement

8.5.1 Continual Improvement

Does the organization continually improve the effectiveness of the quality management system? Yes 
Are results of audits, analysis of data, corrective and preventive actions, management reviews, quality policy and quality objectives used for continual improvement? Yes 
8.5.2 Corrective Action

Are corrective actions taken to eliminate the causes of nonconformities and to prevent recurrence? Yes 
Are corrective actions appropriate to the effects of the nonconformities encountered? Yes 
Has a documented procedure been established to define the requirements for:
Reviewing nonconformities, including customer complaints? Yes 
Determining the causes of nonconformity? Yes 
Evaluating the need for action to ensure that nonconformities do not recur? Yes 
Determining and implementing action needed? Yes 
Recording and maintaining the results of action taken? Yes 
Reviewing the effectiveness of the corrective action taken? Yes 
8.5.3 Preventive Action

Has the organization determined actions to eliminate the causes of potential nonconformities in order to prevent occurrence? Yes 
Are preventive actions appropriate to the effects of the potential problems? [No observed sample indicated] 
Has a documented procedure been established to define the requirements for:
Determining potential nonconformities and their causes? Yes 
Evaluating the need for action to prevent occurrence of nonconformities? Yes 
Determining and implementing actions needed? Yes 
Recording and maintaining the results of action taken? Yes 
Reviewing the effectiveness of the preventive action taken? Yes 