VERZTEC CONSULTING PTE LTD
QUALITY PROCEDURE

TITLE: CUSTOMER-RELATED PROCESSES

DOC NO.: QP-SAL-01
REV.: B
SHEET: 1 OF 4
EFFECTIVE DATE: 1st Dec 2015
Rev. #	Description of Change	Clause #
A	Initial Release - ISO 9001 : 2008 Requirements	N.A.
B	Include requirements of the ISO 9001:2015 standard	4.1.1 / 4.2.3 / 4.2.4

Prepared & Reviewed By

MANAGEMENT REPRESENTATIVE
(Signature) (Designation) (Date)

Approved By

CEO
(Signature) (Designation) (Date)


VERZTEC CONSULTING PTE LTD
QUALITY PROCEDURE

TITLE: CUSTOMER-RELATED PROCESSES

DOC NO.: QP-SAL-01
REV.: B
SHEET: 2 OF 4
1.Purpose: To define customer-related processes so as to provide for the early identification of customer's product requirements, review of contract requirements and communication with customers - to prevent misunderstanding and misrepresentation.

2.Scope: This procedure applies to the Sales Function.

3.Responsibility:
The Sales Function includes the:
-Sales PIC (i.e., CEO, COO, Manager and Consultant).

4.Procedure:

4.1 Planning

4.1.1 Identification of Customer / Statutory & Regulatory Requirements

1.The Sales PIC shall determine requirements specified by customer including requirements for handover and post-handover activities during quotation review activities.

2.The Sales PIC shall also determine requirements not specified by customer but necessary for specified use or known and intended use through the terms & conditions attached in the quotation.

3.The Sales PIC shall determine statutory and regulatory requirements applicable to the product and service, if any.

4.Any additional requirements considered necessary by the organization shall be incorporated during the quotation process. This includes requirements which the organization can meet the claims for the products and services it offers or Contract or order requirements differing from those previously expressed.

4.2 Execution

4.2.1 Enquiry Handling

1.Upon receipt of enquiry via phone / fax / e-mail / web order, the Sales PIC shall understand customer's requirement through (i) obtaining drawings / specifications or (ii) conducting meeting with customer.

2.The Sales PIC shall work out preliminary cost of labour and / or material and obtain quotation from supplier(s).

3.A web "Quotation" (see Form No. SAL-QR-01) shall be prepared, reviewed and submitted to customer for approval.

4.The Sales PIC shall follow-up with customer on the outcome of the quote. Any differences in terms and conditions shall be resolved with customer.

5.If necessary, the Sales PIC shall submit a revised quotation to customer.

6.Confirmation and acceptance by customer is usually via (i) Sales Agreement issued by customer or (ii) endorsement of quotation by customer or (iii) Confirmation of order via e-mail.

7. Upon receipt of customer's acceptance of quotation, the Sales PIC shall review the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement against his quotation.

8. He shall revert to customer to resolve discrepancies, if any.

9. When in order, the Sales PIC shall acknowledge the receipt of approved quotation / customer's P.O as evidence of review.

10. The Sales PIC shall initiate "Web Order" (see Form No. SAL-QR-02 for sample) and handover to the respective Functional Heads (i.e., Operations / Technical) for onwards execution.

4.2.2 Repeat Order Handling

1. Upon receipt of verbal request for urgent / repeat order, the Sales PIC shall review internal capability - e.g., workload, etc.

2. He shall also retrieve project ref. no. from past order or obtain drawings and / or specifications from customer.

3. A quotation shall be issued to customer, if necessary.

4. Upon written confirmation from either party, the Sales PIC shall review the confirmation and endorse as evidence of review.

5. The Sales PIC shall then initiate a Web Order to the respective Functional Heads (i.e., Operations / Technical) for onwards execution.

4.2.3 Changes / Amendment Order Handling

1. Upon receipt of change request from customer, the Sales PIC shall evaluate for feasibility. The Sales PIC will ensure that contract or order requirements differing from those previously defined are resolved.

2. If acceptable, the Sales PIC shall request for a revised quotation / e-mail confirmation from customer.

3. The Sales PIC shall review the terms and conditions of the quotation / e-mail, print and endorse as evidence of review. The customer's requirements will be confirmed by the Sales PIC before acceptance, when the customer does not provide a documented statement of their requirements.

4. The Operations PIC / Technical PIC shall be notified on the change details for onwards action.

4.2.4 Customer Communication

1. Communication flow shall be established between Company and customers relating to:
(a) product information - new project development;
(b) pre-qualification matters, contract administration matters including amendment order handling;
(c) customer feedback, reports, contracts and customer complaint / service reports handling, enquiry including changes;
(d) Handling or controlling customer property;
(e) Establishing specific requirements for contingency actions, when relevant.

2. Communication methods shall include:
(a) phone
(b) letters
(c) fax
(d) web mail
(e) e-mails
(f) meetings with customers

4.2.5 Customer Visit

The Sales PIC / Operations PIC shall prepare a "Meeting Report" (see Form No. SAL-QR-03) for both prospective and existing customers within 2 working days.

4.2.6 Customer Satisfaction

Refer to QP-CS-01 for details.

4.3 Monitoring (Checking)

4.3.1 Customer Complaint Handling

The Sales PIC shall be responsible to take appropriate and effective action - upon receipt of complaints from customer in conjunction with procedure QP-SMQ-02.

4.3.2 Other Monitoring / Effective Actions

1. The Sales PIC shall ensure closing out of all complaints as surfaced in para. 4.3.1 and customer feedbacks in para. 4.2.6 - for enhancing customer satisfaction.

2. The Sales PIC shall perform self-check to ensure compliance to this procedure, and undertake effective management actions timely for full compliance.

3. The internal auditor shall audit this procedure to ensure conformity by the Sales PIC.

4. The Sales PIC shall, after close-out of all nonconformities from internal / external audits, propose improvement(s) through the Management Representative in the Management Review meeting for top management's approval.

5. Reference Quality Records / Forms

5.1 SAL-QR-01 - Quotation
5.2 SAL-QR-02 - Web Order [sample]
5.3 SAL-QR-03 - Meeting Report