About Us
Verztec is a leader in corporate learning and language solutions.
Committed to enduring success, Verztec believes that true success is measured not only by financial performance but also by the enduring mutual successes cultivated with our clients and partners.
Founded in 2000, Verztec supports a third of the world’s Fortune 500 companies in digital training for their global workforce and localization of business communications. Our esteemed clientele includes IBM, HP, Microsoft, Citibank, Sony, P&G, Emerson, McDonald’s Corporation, UBS, Unilever, and other global brands.
We have collaborated with clients of varying sizes across industries such as Medical, Pharmaceutical and Life Sciences, Petrochemical, Legal, Aerospace, Tourism, Banking and Finance, Legal, IT, and Electronics.
At Verztec, we prioritize innovation and staying ahead of technological advancements. This entails keeping abreast of industry trends, investing in cutting-edge technology, and developing proprietary systems. These efforts enable us to enhance business performance and efficiency, resulting in cost savings and convenience for our clients.
Verztec excels in implementing learning management systems, digitizing training programs, and localizing content for global distribution across multiple continents and languages. Our expertise ensures that all our clients’ training courses meet cultural, social, and business requirements, saving time, effort, and resources. We have built a reputation for collaborating closely with clients to conceive, strategize, and implement global learning initiatives. Furthermore, we specialize in translating a wide array of materials, including training courses, legal documents, marketing content, and everyday business communications, into over 100 languages, as part of our comprehensive suite of services.
Recognized as one of Singapore’s fastest-growing companies by the Business Times, Sunday Times, Straits Times, and Lianhe ZaoBao, Verztec has received numerous accolades, including the Influential Brands Award, Business Superbrands, and the Singapore Prestige Brand Award.

 

Our Purpose
Bridging the world through seamless communication and helping our partners achieve success.

 

Our Mission
To help businesses around the world succeed through uniquely addressing their needs and delivering end-to-end, scalable enterprise solutions.

We work closely with customers to create, shape, adapt and publish their global communication messages for different markets, fine-tune their brand positioning and constantly bring out latent values.

 

Our Vision
To be a world-class global partner renowned for providing quality consulting and comprehensive solutions.

 



Verztec’s Difference
Over the years, Verztec has been through many ups and downs. We have been humbled by many challenges and also celebrated many happy occasions together with our customers, partners and colleagues.

Our continued success is contributed by our customers who believe in the work we do and most importantly – the ladies and gentlemen serving as members of staff in our Verztec family who are professional, responsible and have a high level of integrity, that work hard together every day to deliver the best customer experience and quality deliverable to all our customers.

We call this the ‘Verztec’s Difference’.

 

Our Corporate Values
The acronym ‘OCTOPUS’ encapsulates our seven core values. The highly intelligent marine animal is an apt representation of our ability to competently juggle the different requirements for our clients; the good intellect of our team members; and our capability to offer strategically tailored solutions to simplify processes for our customers.

 

Ownership: We take pride in our work and do our very best for the projects we have been entrusted with, going beyond our areas of responsibilities when the need arises.

Customer Success: We help our customers succeed through our value-added service offerings and support.

Teamwork: We work closely in teams to leverage on the abilities of all team members and deliver a memorable, positive and unique experience for our customers.

Open Communication: We provide clear communication of our service engagement processes to customers and ensure that transparency is provided for all projects.

Proactiveness: We are proactive in anticipating possible problems, offering solutions and seeking clarifications when in doubt.

Urgency: We deliver what we promise in good quality and on schedule. We respond with a sense of urgency when communicating with customers.

Social Responsibility: We are a socially responsible company, doing our part to foster a healthy balance between our professional endeavors and the community around us.
